[Music]
so um going to call on our friend and
colleague uh Chris bash to share some
words with us um I want to thank you
very much for taking the time to do this
Chris and I know it's getting later in
the evening for you
um excuse me and uh I imagine a lot of
you uh the rest of us know Chris by now
to some degree through his work um uh
but if you don't I just want to suggest
that uh if you have any interested in
the Fate any interest at all in the fate
of humanity uh you get yourself a copy
of LSD in the mind of the universe his
most recent book and uh it's a stunner
it really is um in a beautiful and
positive way so thank you for joining us
grais over to you thank you Stephen am I
coming through okay Mark sound okay good
yeah it's a pleasure and an honor to be
with the community again it's uh truly
especially on this uh winter
solstice and especially on this winter
solstice Saturn conjunct Jupiter
entering into
Aquarius good sign good time hopefully a
marker of changes that are
coming it's been a hard year the
pandemic has touched us all in one way
or another and many of us are looking
forward to 220 2021 that's a a time of a
shift a time of
change and I'm sure it will be I hope it
will
be so a few words spoken softly in the
mode in the manner of our special
ceremony
tonight about our Collective
transformation I've picked this picture
of the Earth to start with because the
Earth is going into
convulsions it seems like there's no way
to stop it now we can amarate it but
we're going into the dark night of our
Collective Soul we have set in motion a
sequence of events that's taking in into
to a very very turbulent convulsive
period of History that's what my reading
of the ecological sources tell me it's
also what my Visionary experiences tell
me in psychedelic work we are going into
a time of ascending energy a time in
which nature is reaching down and
bringing up energy underneath our feet
taking us taking Humanity in into an
extraordinary new phase of its
evolutionary Journey a time of Great
Awakening A Time of great spiritual
fruition a time of a change in the
fundamental archetypal architecture of
the collective psyche that informs all
of our individual psyches as we work
together but when this happens when
Nature turns up the heat underneath us
it triggers profound purification
processes it triggers a process in which
we have no choice but to confront our
shadows both our individual Shadow and
our Collective Shadow because our shadow
is rising and it's a time in history
when our shadow is
rising and clearly the ecological
consequences that we are inheriting in
this Century are aspects of this large
Collective Shadow and the ego and a
civiliz ation of ego that has made the
decisions that they've made with respect
to the Earth and made the decisions
they've made with respect to each
other those are all coming out on us
really hard
now it's all coming
forward so I want to change perspective
a little bit and take us because if we
really want to go deep into this
Collective transformation if we want to
engage it fully it's a good time to step
back it's a good night to step back into
a larger context but I'm going to
encourage this to step even farther
back to place ourselves in the context
and in the presence of the creative
intelligence of the universe of the
Divine intelligence or the creative
intelligence the great power and these
Starlights behind me are not just Stars
some are stars but many are galaxies
with billions ions and billions of stars
an unimaginable outpouring of power and
genius just incredible genius
unfolding and it's the same genius which
birthed this universe which is birthing
his time in history and it's the same
genius which has placed us
here to participate consciously in this
Milestone period this Milestone century
that we have come into we will come out
of this Century profoundly different
than we came into
it and so I'd like to encourage you to
think about who is it that's undergoing
this
transformation who is it that's engaging
these powerful forces carrying us
forward and it's not who we think we are
we are not who we think we are we have
by habit a custom of thinking of
ourselves as basically hundredy old
beings but the science of Consciousness
tells us today clearly we are not 100y
old
beings reincarnation is a simple fact of
life and knowing this when we look at
ourselves we see that we are 100,000
year old beings we have enormous
quantities of time folded into the
person that we now
are every Talent that we have every
piece of Genius that we have every habit
that we have even our bad habits that we
have they come from somewhere they come
from a deeper history and one way to
imagine a human being as a reincarnated
being is the samurai sword which is made
from folding level upon level upon level
of metal folded and hammered over each
other up to 10,000 layers of metal
subjected to Fierce heat and fused
together to create a blade of incredible
lightness and strength and
Agility and I think a soul is that too
we are the result this generation is the
result of hundreds and thousands of
lifetimes of precious Human Experience
of precious learning folded in upon one
another folded upon one another and are
being
fused and just as the planet is facing a
huge crisis to become one planet one
ecosystem one system that lives in a
healthy manner with each other with the
planet itself if that's taking place in
the outer social World there is a
similar process taking place in our
inner world I think it's a time when all
of our farmer lives are coming into us
really hard we were born with many of
our farmer lives active in our psyches
much more than in previous
generations and as we engage our shadows
as we engage our individual and
Collective shadows and submit ourselves
to the transforming fire of deep
awareness and let the Divine awareness
that we all are focus on our past and
purify our past of all of those things
which hold us back and constrict us we
then become initiated into deeper and
deeper levels of
intimacy with the
universe with each other this genius
that's behind all these stars and
galaxies behind me this is our nature we
open ourselves as we purify ourselves we
open ourselves into the cosmic arms into
the Embrace of our own history into the
sacred
communion which is taking us forward
out of this Century I think is coming a
new Humanity the future human you know I
call it the birth of the diamond Soul
which is simply all of our former lives
coming together and fusing into a single
intelligence a single Consciousness an
individual awareness which is individual
and yet a deeper form of
individuality than we've ever seen on
Earth before not just a few of us all of
us the entire human species coming
forward in this Crescendo of power
purification
destabilization reaching out reaching
out and achieving something that has
never been achieved in history
before this is something I share with
you which comes from my own psychedelic
work but I don't think it's no it has
anything to do with me
privately I talk with people I think
many of us are seeing this basic same
truth in our own psychedelic sessions
the indigenous people have been seeing
it for Generations in their work some of
the great Saints and Mystics who never
touched psychedelics have seen these
things coming
forward this is the time of the great
unraveling the pandemic unraveled us
faster than we ever thought possible but
it's just the Overture sure there are
harder times
coming if we Embrace those hard times
with forn knowledge with absolute
dedication not turning away from any of
the hardship that's coming but engage it
fully asking ourselves the question what
is the highest good that I can bring to
the challenges that I'm facing what can
I give that's being asked
to be given now I think we accelerate
our own individual Evolution and in
accelerating our individual Evolution we
accelerate Humanity's Collective
Evolution I think we're all in this for
the collective right now the time of the
individual Saints and saviors is gone
it's it's over they've done their job
they've done their
work the hour now is for the children
and the grandchildren and our great
grandchildren the only
the only calling that's worthy of
ourselves is our Collective salvation
our Collective
transformation our Collective good to
bring us back in alignment with the Deep
truths with our deep soul with our deep
heart as the future human emerges in
history I anticipate a tremendous
opening of our heart to each
other as we open our heart to the divine
heart which holds all of existence not
just humans but all beings all of
existence and as our minds open up into
the deep communion it opens us up
into the cosmic communion that opens us
into the
intaking of awareness and
insights truly scientific insights that
can come pouring into us when we're open
and clean and clear
we've passed the longest night of the
year we're coming into the beginning of
the
rising daylight in our lives just a
short cycle just a six-month cycle and
then the cycle of Darkness will begin
again this challenge that humanity is
facing it's a huge challenge we'll make
it but that itself is not the end it's
just a phase
it's just a phase we've been here for
billions of years we're going to be here
for billions of years more taking us
deeper farther unimaginable
ways my last thought I share with you
tonight is this this journey is so
long we're not going to accomplish it in
this lifetime it's going to take more
than one lifetime many lifetimes to stay
on this journey and therefore as we open
deeply to the cosmic communion one thing
that should fall away
quickly is our fear of
death absolutely nothing to fear in
death because death is in no way an
ending it's simply a punctuation on the
cycle and the same beautiful universe
that we open up in sacred medicine space
is the same universe we open up to when
we fall when our bodies fall away the
journey continues into cascading
ecologies of
light thank you for letting me share
these thoughts with you on this special
night thank you so much Chris